[Beta] `optimize` build (#5527)
elastic/eui: wiki/consuming.md

### Mocked component files

Besides babel transforms, the test environment build consumes mocked component files of the type `src/**/[name].testenv.*`. During the build, files of the type `src/**/[name].*` will be replaced by those with the `testenv` namespace. The purpose of this mocking is to further mitigate the impacts of time- and import-dependent rendering, and simplify environment output such as test snapshots. Information on creating mock component files can be found with [testing documentation](testing.md).

## Using the `optimize` build (Beta)

> The `optimize` output directory is opt-in intermediaty step as we work towards dedicated, formal build output for development and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `optimize` output directory is an opt-in intermediate step as we work towards dedicated, formal build output for development and production environments.
```
